chore: update docstring to reflect renamed arg (#8174)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  [(#8156)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8156)
<h3>Labs: a place for unified and rapid prototyping of research software 🧪</h3>

> * Update docstring in `perturbation_error` to reflect renamed positional arg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update docstring in `perturbation_error` to use the correct positional argument name.
```

<h3>Internal changes ⚙️</h3>

* Update docstring in `perturbation_error` to reflect renamed positional arg
  [#(8174)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8174)

> 

Reviewer: Please add it under:

`<h3>Labs: a place for unified and rapid prototyping of research software 🧪</h3>`

Author: 56c414f

Author: [2d6cebb](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8174/commits/2d6cebb700c0103c05c0a3327a719be6f7cb145d)
